Upgrade 1 (#243)
cosmos/game-of-stakes: README.md

## Updates

### Upgrade 1.

> We chose a very conservative initial blocksize of `50kb` for the intitial game of stakes launch as a conservative starting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We chose a very conservative initial blocksize of `50kb` for the intitial game of stakes launch as a conservative starting value.
```

> With 199 validatiors online, the signatures in blockheader now take up most of the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 With 199 validators online, the signatures in each block header now take up most of the block.
```

We will be doing the first network upgrade.

To upgrade, download the new genesis to your genesis folder.

`gaiad unsafe-reset-all`

`gaiad start` with command line flags as appriopiate for your node type.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we remove all these newlines?
